Hey hey supreme
It's all my fault that the dog's eyes don't know Tarzan
Please forgive me.
Just you dare to threaten the Supreme
Even if the Lord of Kyushu comes
Also be respectful to the Supreme
You all step back
Don't disturb and offend the Supreme
Hmm, it's all you
Made me misunderstand the Supreme
And you two
Make me misunderstand the supreme
Impossible, he can't be Supreme
He is a traitor
You are right, Sun Wushuang.
But he was named by the Supreme Being and died from Dongpo
He is clearly a traitor
Who told you that?
Removal from the family tree is treason
That's because the name of the Supreme is humiliating
So it was removed from the family tree alone